dear ones we come today to talk to you
about hope that is hope that is based
not in the belief that I don't have and
I hope I will get but hope born of the
realization that I already have because
i already am i am then able to move
deeply into the trust and hope that this
awareness will manifest outwardly as i
begin to live move and have my being in
it hope can be and often is an
expression of despair a tool used to
keep one from floundering in a belief
system that is based on false concepts
hope is a word often misused by
religious teachers who teach that hope
in some unknown God concept is all in
individual needs while in actuality they
the teachers do not have the needed
answers hope is arresting back into the
awareness that there is a plan and
because I am one with source I can trust
that all is proceeding according to that
plan I have created this plan for myself
in order to learn and in the experiences
of the spiritual seeker nothing is chaos
simply for chaos sake this understanding
serves to connect an individual with
their Center and allows each truth is
realized to then manifest be aware dear
ones that all is quickly moving in new
directions it may not have happened
exactly as you thought it would or when
you thought it would but that does not
mean it is not happening each day more
are awakening and becoming a part of the
massive search of light now building
upon the earth many of the changes you
had expected to see on a certain date
are going to be only not as quickly as
you had hoped change is taking place
with each passing moment with each soul
that awakens and sees through the false
and with each dear one crying out for
spiritual help as the search of
awakening light energy continues to
build you will see it dissolving much
that you took for granted as normal
living lack limitation disease war and
the dominance of the masculine and
powerful do not be afraid and do not
panic as your new sources would have you
do when you see change taking place or
become aware of shocking exposures
regarding people places or ideas that
you may have fully believed in know that
it is light flooding the shadow for all
there is to the dark
lack of light once the light is turned
on a shadow simply disappears where does
it go ask yourselves that dear ones
where does the dark go when the light is
turned on you already know that shadow
never exists as a reality it simply
appears to be that way this is the
secret of the third dimension much of
which you have been experiencing and
taking for granted as normal life on
earth is simply a lack of awareness in a
misinterpretation of reality all that
you see here taste touch or smell is a
facet of divine reality being
interpreted though a third-dimensional
state of consciousness let us give you
an example a car is a three-dimensional
mind formed interpretation of
omnipresence a form that you can
comprehend and utilize in the material
world you live in at this time as you
begin to see through appearances to the
divine reality behind all things you are
getting closer and closer to realizing
that all there is is source in its
manifestations how you interpret these
manifestations is determined by your
state of consciousness illumined or an
illuminant when you see a tree you are
seeing the material sense of the tree
not the light beauty and perfection of
its true essence the divine idea of tree
when you see evil in others this
indicates that your consciousness is
still entertaining a belief in duality
and separation that some are good and
some are evil yes there are many through
their ignorance of truth still choosing
to manifest evil actions we are not
saying you are to ignore this or to ever
become doormats for another but we say
that before you blame the world the
government or some other person for your
problems recognize that whatever you
hold within your consciousness as being
truth will manifest in your experience
because of your true essence you are
creators do not forget this take
whatever steps are needed for a better
world but do it in an awareness of truth
all there is this divine consciousness
and within this divine consciousness is
embodied every spiritual idea each one
governed by divine law if there were
disease in divine consciousness it could
never be healed for it would have a law
sustaining and maintaining it
this is how the master jesus healed his
illumined consciousness entertained no
beliefs of disease and those coming to
him entered into this consciousness and
were healed of the appearances examine
your belief systems dear ones for you
are responsible for your own evolution
your own awakening process there is
available all the help you may need for
every individual has guides and teachers
on this side ready to assist but the
choice must be yours to take advantage
of this let go of any concepts you may
still be holding of how the spiritual
journey must appear or unfold and do not
expect what may be right for you to be
right for someone else there are many
books and classes regarding spiritual
evolution how it looks and feels but do
not compare yourselves to others and
their experiences or feel a failure if
your path is not the same for each of
you has lived many personal journeys
through lifetimes of different
experiences and thus each needs
individual lessons and experiences
reflecting that there are no lesser or
better spiritual experiences for each
will experience what is perfect at that
point in his evolution every new
awareness of truth adds another spark of
light to the energy of a changing
evolving world and this is your hope we
are the arcturion group